docs: Add Incremental Build Vitepress docs (#1404)
SAP/ui5-tooling: internal/documentation/docs/pages/extensibility/CustomTasks.md

 *      Namespace of the project currently being built
 * @param {string} parameters.options.configuration
 *      Custom task configuration, as defined in the project's ui5.yaml
 * @param {string[] | undefined} parameters.changedProjectResourcePaths
 *      List of changed resource paths since last execution.

>  *      Only use if the task supports differential builds (supportsDifferentialBuilds=true).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 *      Only used if the task supports differential builds (supportsDifferentialBuilds=true).
```

 *      Returns undefined if unsupported or no cache is available.
 * @param {string[] | undefined} parameters.changedDependencyResourcePaths
 *      List of changed dependency resource paths since last execution.

>  *      Only use if the task supports differential builds (supportsDifferentialBuilds=true).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 *      Only used if the task supports differential builds (supportsDifferentialBuilds=true).
```

 *      Namespace of the project currently being built
 * @param {string} parameters.options.configuration
 *      Custom task configuration, as defined in the project's ui5.yaml
 * @param {string[] | undefined} parameters.changedProjectResourcePaths
 *      List of changed resource paths since last execution.

>  *      Only use if the task supports differential builds (supportsDifferentialBuilds=true).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 *      Only used if the task supports differential builds (supportsDifferentialBuilds=true).
```

 *      Returns undefined if unsupported or no cache is available.
 * @param {string[] | undefined} parameters.changedDependencyResourcePaths
 *      List of changed dependency resource paths since last execution.

>  *      Only use if the task supports differential builds (supportsDifferentialBuilds=true).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 *      Only used if the task supports differential builds (supportsDifferentialBuilds=true).
```

```
:::

### "Cache-aware" Tasks 

Due to UI5 Builder and UI5 Server supporting **build caches** of task data, custom tasks can opt into this behavior to improve performance. This is done by implementing the following features:

#### `supportsDifferentialBuilds()`

This method indicates whether your task can perform differential builds:

```js
/**
 * Indicates whether this task can perform differential builds
 * 
 * @returns {boolean} True if the task can process only modified resources
 */
export function supportsDifferentialBuilds() {
    return true;
}
```

> When this returns `true`, your task's main function receives an additional parameter indicating which resources have changed. The task can then process only those resources instead of all resources.

Reviewer 2: Which additional parameter does the function receive?

Author: Done

::: info Best Practices for Cache-aware Tasks
1. **Keep tasks deterministic**: Given the same inputs, always produce the same outputs
2. **Opt into differential builds carefully**: Only set `supportsDifferentialBuilds = true` if your task can safely process files independently
:::

### Examples

The following code snippets show examples for custom task implementations.

> #### Example: lib/tasks/renderMarkdownFiles.js

Reviewer 2: What about updating the example to show how to make use of `supportsDifferentialBuilds`? I would say that this should be the new best practice, so we should not highlight the old way anymore, at least not in the cases where `supportsDifferentialBuilds` can be used.

Author: Done

```
:::

### "Cache-aware" Tasks 

> Due to UI5 Builder and UI5 Server supporting **build caches** of task data, custom tasks can opt into this behavior to improve performance. This is done by exporting optional callback functions in your task implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to UI5 Builder and UI5 Server supporting **build caches** of task data, custom tasks can opt into this behavior to improve performance. To do this, export optional callback functions in your task implementation:
```

#### `supportsDifferentialBuilds()`

::: code-group
```js [ESM]
/**
 * Indicates whether the task supports differential builds
 *
 * Tasks that support differential builds can use incremental cache invalidation,
 * processing only changed resources rather than rebuilding from scratch.
 *
 * @public
 * @returns {boolean} True if differential builds are supported
 */
export function supportsDifferentialBuilds() {
    return true;
}
```

```js [CommonJS]
/**
 * Indicates whether the task supports differential builds
 *
 * Tasks that support differential builds can use incremental cache invalidation,
 * processing only changed resources rather than rebuilding from scratch.
 *
 * @public
 * @returns {boolean} True if differential builds are supported
 */
module.exports.supportsDifferentialBuilds = function() {
    return true;
}
```

> When this returns `true`, your task's main function receives an additional parameter `changedProjectResourcePaths` providing an array of changed resource paths (strings) since its last execution. The task can then process only those resources instead of all resources. If this callback is not provided (or it returns a falsy value), your task will not be able to use incremental cache invalidation and processes all resources from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this returns `true`, your task's main function receives an additional parameter `changedProjectResourcePaths`. This parameter provides an array of changed resource paths (strings) since its last execution. The task then processes only those resources instead of all resources. If this callback isn't provided or returns a falsy value, your task can't use incremental cache invalidation and processes all resources from scratch.
```

::: info Best Practices for Cache-aware Tasks
1. **Keep tasks deterministic**: Given the same inputs, always produce the same outputs
2. **Opt into differential builds carefully**: Only set `supportsDifferentialBuilds = true` if your task can safely process files independently
:::

### Examples

The following code snippets show examples for custom task implementations.

#### Example: lib/tasks/renderMarkdownFiles.js

This example is making use of the `resourceFactory` [TaskUtil](https://ui5.github.io/cli/v5/api/@ui5_project_build_helpers_TaskUtil.html)
API to create new resources based on the output of a third-party module for rendering Markdown files. The created resources are added to the build
result by writing them into the provided `workspace`.

> In addition, differential builds are supported by this task which re-processes only changed resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, this task supports differential builds, which re-process only changed resources.
```
